It could be said, in a small sense, that my experience of loving women
taught me little more than the fact -- in my case -- that sex doesnt
lead to relationships.  And, it could be said, with the same loss of
objective determinism, that without sex I would not have learned this
fact.

I imagine this is true because I had a need to learn this, or perhaps
there is a web of reasons why my experience of learning about my heart
included sex.  That I believed that relationships and learning evolved
from experience, and this experience includes sex as part of the
subject matter.  It is objective, this belief, and the world of my
awareness has had more than a healthy or even average degree of
objectivity.  If one is to exit an immersion, one must get a handle on
its dimensions.

And while I've been relatively conservative, I've had enough nerve to
learn by first hand experience what I could not establish otherwise.

My na\"{\i}ve sense of the world was neither completely lost nor
completely found.  It was a mess, reflecting the state of a world
largely unaware of itself.

Perceptions of the critical and the indulgent varied by fractions that
first appear individual to the na\"{\i}vet\'{e} of inexperience.  Or
at least this was a seemingly valid frame of reference that held some
interest for me.

In this world, it is far more useful to see people as no more than
individuals, to not attach more than observation, to not attempt to
acquire the benefit of others' experience by observation.

The benefit of experience by observation is far better traded for the
benefit of a clear objective to weave one's personal, subjective
exploration into.

In the case of sex and love and relationships, the objective is not
reproduction -- which is possessed of the frailty of the immediacy and
immersion of the body -- but the dimensions and magnitudes of one
self.  Heart, ambition, and courage are well known concepts that
translate directly into relationships of all shapes and sizes.

In these subjective dimensions, the mate is very close (or, perhaps,
obviously complementary).
