On her sixteenth page she picks us up, both of us.  I have little right to lie in her bed with her, the way I do.  She is far more beautiful than I, and I am far too sensitive to her value to me to ignore any quality of hers.  She is dead, and I am alive.  To begin with.  But there, on that page, my live, have you spelled us both.  And a great many others, all the same, ideally.  Those in places like these, especially.


The keyboard clacks under my fingers, it can pick but not swipe.  Picking and putting works half as well under my arms than a real keyboard, but swiping its cursor to move, remove and replace a mispent or absent glyph more a tragedy than the comedy that is my skill with typing.


My love, stop crying.  It is I.  You know this place, this heart human too well.  It is true.  You have found me out.  I think of death, I wonder if I might have the purpose to end this existence before they do.  To deny the corpse that passage.  


As you know, already, I have not made that choice.  And you, my love, understand why.


The air in here, so well sealed from the elements, grows stale with the hour.  The sacrificial incense colors rays that wake it.


I have misplaced a digit where once I would not have let half a second see it.  This is my third page, this morning, not my fourth.


I’ve cracked open a door as the clear sky and air not cold enough threaten my habit.  It will become too hot to stay here, with no shade.  They have taken the shade.


I’ve been very selfish.  That is what I saw last night.  The sea had hollowed out the shells of an expanse of great mansions.  The remains of an exploit.  A beautiful hike I was telling you about.  It led to a beach through a grove of tall, thin, sky topped pines.  First a great old stage remained apparent on a crest of land that rose above the sand, abandoned by the tide.  Then a another beach, and a great old house of concrete block I should not wonder.  Ornate enough.  Even handsome, once.  Alone, a sight.  Sitting on sand, intact save the habits of barnacles and their friends.  The horizons visible through the wreck dramatic.  Another beach, another house.  And then a string, a turn, laid out as if on an avenue and a pier.  Standing where the sea would return, again and again.


I opened another door with the second piece of wood.  That I might save some time, captured in the mind as a moment does.  Coherent in spirit, known within and without.  Sensible to touch more than sight, ear more than mind.


This strange, temporary existence plays -- preys -- on my heart.  My eyes open to the sights around me.  In front of me a high way.  And behind me a few small houses planted nicely along a structure bedded with lawnery.  An image of comfort contrasts to an image hostile to my body, and hostile to my mind, my knowing and being and seeming.  How could it be that I am here, like this.  Tenuously established temporaneously.  The heart quickens with the incertanty of it.  The ultimacy of this, among the colors of the air.  To be, or not.  And if not, then not.  I am aware of no fate.  And this causes me no small stress in my little chest.  My sense of my own future lost to it.


It is not ground.  It is no place in particular.  And yet, there is an existence, of a kind, that is mine to have and to hold.  Like this, better than that held by Irène.  Its similarities held remotely, somewhere else.  Known remotely.  Assumed remotely.  Ideally.  Perhaps uncertanly.  There remains, today, some whisp of a binding to that former uncertanty.


And, unlike Irène, I can sleep.  I can pull a cover over my  little sky light and pull a cover over my arms, close my eyes and raise my head.