As a science, the method of alternatives is a discipline.  This discipline is easy enough for the student of physical systems.  It is crucial for the student of metaphysical systems.  In this case, it becomes antimaterialism.  In economics, antimaterialism becomes the discipline of material independence.  This is easier for a relatively spiritual person who can appreciate the value of air.


In this existence, in this world, money is virtually as immersive or ubiquitous as air.  One’s dependence on money is virtually as certain as one’s dependence on air.  In order to see this, one must be able to step away from the psycho-emotional planes of existence and take the issue in hand, into a frame of thought or analysis that is independent from the mind-body identity.  It takes multiple decades of life time to achieve the complexity of mind necessary for this subtlety.  Otherwise, one is immature, juvenile, a babe in the woods, immersed in a reality which one only suspects but does not grasp.  Has no handles on.  One is naked under the ocean of the subject and its critical issues.


What is moral good?  What is moral wrong?  In the case of money, and its links into politics and government, many fail these tests daily.  


In these moments of history characterized by systems of self government, it is these issues that have delivered the great monuments of history.


It is a task beyond my interests to explain these subtleties.  I can see how millions of moral failures per hour shape people’s material existence.  These are numerous subjects that can be covered in some broad strokes, but they have been covered.  Repeatedly.  Annually and daily.  There is no need for my covering them again.


Those who believe I need to defend myself from my modest debts are mistaken.  I have no need to defend myself.  The law defends me.  In letter and spirit.  Therefore, those are, effectively, criminals.  


That I cover this ground repeatedly only indicates the seriousness of their problem.